Document GitHub App Access Token lookup credential plugin (#95)
ansible/awx-plugins: docs/credential-plugins.rst

.. _ug_credential_plugins:

Secret Management System

> ========================

Reviewer: These changes are unrelated to the declared goal of documenting the GH App plugin. Please move them all into a dedicated PR.

.. image:: _static/images/credentials-create-thycotic-server-credential.png
   :alt: Example new Thycotic Secret Server credential lookup dialog

.. _ug_credentials_github_app_lookup:

> GitHub App Token Lookup
> ~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

Reviewer: This phrasing makes it seem that some kind of a GH App token is a thing. It's not. Well, there's an intermediate JWT but that's not what this plugin injects, it injects an installation access token.
The UI uses the following:
```suggestion
GitHub App Installation Access Token Lookup
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~~
```
Why not use that?

> This plugin allows a GitHub app token to be used as a credential input source to pull secrets from GitHub App. AWX uses existing GitHub auth from organizations' GitHub repos. Refer to `Generating an installation access token for a GitHub App <https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/generating-an-installation-access-token-for-a-github-app>`_ for more detail.

Reviewer: Here and in other places, use full words instead of slang. This will make the linter pass: https://github.com/ansible/awx-plugins/actions/runs/13636241048/job/38116085927?pr=95#step:15:96.

> This plugin allows a GitHub app token to be used as a credential input source to pull secrets from GitHub App. AWX uses existing GitHub auth from organizations' GitHub repos. Refer to `Generating an installation access token for a GitHub App <https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/generating-an-installation-access-token-for-a-github-app>`_ for more detail.

Reviewer: “GitHub App” is an established term, it shouldn't be lowercased.
Additionally, this explanation sounds misleading to me. This is partially because the concept it attempts to explain is complex.

Let's attempt something like this:
```suggestion
This plugin allows a private GitHub App RSA key to be used as a credential input source to pull access tokens from GitHub App installations. AWX uses existing GitHub auth from organizations' GitHub repos. Refer to `Generating an installation access token for a GitHub App <https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/generating-an-installation-access-token-for-a-github-app>`_ for more detail.
```

1. Create a lookup credential that stores your secrets. See TBD for detail.

> ..(link available in separate PR that has this information).

Reviewer: Incomplete?

Author: It is in a separate PR because we decided to split the bigger PR (#92) into smaller PRs.

> 2. When **GitHub App Installation Access Token lookup** is selected for **Credential Type**, provide the following attributes to properly configure your lookup:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
2. When :guilabel:`GitHub App Installation Access Token lookup` is selected for :guilabel:`Credential Type`, provide the following attributes to properly configure your lookup:
```

> - **GitHub App ID** (required): provide the app ID used for communicating with your GitHub App

Reviewer: GitHub App ID isn't used to communicate with the GitHub App. We *are* a GitHub App for all intents and purposes. And us (this awx plugin aka a GitHub App) talks to API enpoints that GitHub hosts.
```suggestion
- **GitHub App ID** (required): type in the App ID provided by your instance of GitHub, this is what we will authenticate as
```

> - **GitHub App Installation ID** (required): ID of the installation that you want to authenticate as

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **GitHub App Installation ID** (required): ID of the installation of the app into your target organization that the access token will be scoped to, in must be be set up to have access to your target repository
```

> - **RSA Private Key** (required): provide the generated private key obtained by the GitHub organization which your repo resides. See `Managing private keys for GitHub Apps <https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/managing-private-keys-for-github-apps>`_

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **RSA Private Key** (required): provide the private key that your GitHub instance generated. It can be obtained from the GitHub App maintainer within GitHub. See `Managing private keys for GitHub Apps <https://docs.github.com/en/apps/creating-github-apps/authenticating-with-a-github-app/managing-private-keys-for-github-apps>`_
```

Below shows an example of a configured GitHub app token lookup credential.

.. image:: _static/images/credentials-create-github-app-lookup-credential.png
   :alt: Example of GitHub app token lookup credential configured

3. Click **Create Credential** to confirm and save the credential.

> 4. Create a target credential that looks up the lookup credential. To use your lookup in a private repo, use **Source Control** as your Credential type. Provide the following attributes to properly configure your target credential:

Reviewer: > looks up the lookup

Any way to rephrase this?

- **Username**: provide the username of ``x-access-token``

> - **Password** (required): click the |key| button of the input field. You are prompted to set the input source to use to retrieve your secret information - this is the credential that you created in the previous step.

Reviewer 2: I would appreciate a screenshot of this step. It would tie with the first part of the documentation and someone familiar with AAP can complete this by following the images with only having to read the text diagonally.

Author: I do have a screen shot for this. Do you see it in the rendered version, @PabloHiro?

![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/65d7e9f8-63d6-4c03-abd3-22419d38edc5)

Reviewer 2: Yeah, that one is rendered correctly. I was referring to what happens when you click the "key" button, that is a different view right?

Author: Yes, we can add it if it helps. 
![image](https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/35bed3f5-73b1-4f89-a28f-11230bde5dc9)

> 5. Enter an optional description for the metadata requested and click **Finish**.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
5. Enter an optional description for the metadata requested and click  :guilabel:`Finish`.
```

.. image:: _static/images/credentials-create-target-github-app-credential.png
   :alt: Example of creating a target credential that uses source control

> 6. Click **Create Credential** to confirm and save the credential.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
6. Click  :guilabel:`Create Credential` to confirm and save the credential.
```

7. Verify both your lookup credential and your target credential are now available on the Credentials list view.

8. To use the target credential in a project, create a project and supply the following information:

- **Name** (required): provide the name for your project
- **Organization** (required): select the name of the organization from the drop-down menu
- **Execution environment**: optionally select an execution environment, if applicable

> - **Source control type** (required): If you are syncing with a private repo, select **Git** for your source control.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- **Source control type** (required): If you are syncing with a private repo, select :guilabel:`Git` for your source control.
```

The **Type Details** pane opens for additional input. Provide the following information:

- **Source control URL** (required): enter the URL of the private repo you want to access. The other related fields pertaining to **branch/tag/commit** and **refspec** are not pertinent for use with a lookup credential.
- **Source control credential**: Select the target credential that you created in the previous step

.. image:: _static/images/project-create-git-github-app.png
   :alt: Example of a project pointing to a private git repo

> 9. Click **Save** and the project sync automatically starts and the project Details displays the progress of the job.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
9. Click :guilabel:`Save` and the project sync automatically starts and the project Details displays the progress of the job.
```

.. image:: _static/images/project-sync-github-app.png
   :alt: Example of a successful project sync using a GitHub App lookup token

.. note::

>    If your project sync fails, you may have to manually re-enter ``https://api.github.com/`` in the **GitHub API endpoint URL** field from Step 2 and re-run your project sync.

Reviewer: Why?

Author: It's a bug and will be fixed sometime before or after release, so it's there just in case it's needed.

>    If your project sync fails, you may have to manually re-enter ``https://api.github.com/`` in the **GitHub API endpoint URL** field from Step 2 and re-run your project sync.

Reviewer: The default doesn't have a trailing slash. So let's not suggest it here either.
```suggestion
   If your project sync fails, you may have to manually re-enter ``https://api.github.com`` in the **GitHub API endpoint URL** field from Step 2 and re-run your project sync.
```
*(though, I still don't understand what this hack addresses)*

Author: Good point, we'll get the trailing slash removed from the downstream docs.
